README.md, before:

# Introduction

Hello everyone!

I have returned with my second mini project that uses SQL queries to explore the data and Tableau to create the visualisations. The dataset was taken from [here](https://www.kaggle.com/tanuprabhu/population-by-country-2020), and even though the Kaggle contributor had done the web scraping to extract the data, I had attempted to reproduce the dataset with Python. The Jupyter notebook for this is included in this respository.

The dataset was about the world population in 2020, so I took some time to consider what could be drawn from the dataset and highlighted in the diagnostic analytics, and this was done using Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio. I thought that the following visualisation dashboard, which was developed in Tableau Public, would give a simple and nice idea on the descriptive statistics of where we stand as human beings living on this lovely planet.

![The_World_Dashboard](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/98215213/151663329-66befda9-decb-4f14-9b0b-35895fd23bd6.png)

The interactive form of this same dashboard is available in [this link](https://public.tableau.com/views/TheWorld_16433824656360/Dashboard1?:language=en-US&publish=yes&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link); otherwise, I have also included the Tableau workbook.

Thank you for your time once again. Please stay turned for my next SQL-and-Tableau-fusion project. :)

Commit message:

More information added to Introduction

README.md, after:

# Introduction

Hello everyone!

I have returned with my second mini project that uses SQL queries to explore the data and Tableau to create the visualisations. The dataset was taken from [here](https://www.kaggle.com/tanuprabhu/population-by-country-2020), and even though the Kaggle contributor had done the web scraping to extract the data, I had attempted to reproduce the dataset with Python. The Jupyter notebook that was used to carry out this exercise is included in this respository.

The dataset is about the world population in 2020, so I took some time to consider what could be drawn from the dataset and highlighted in the diagnostic analytics. This was done using Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio. More details on the thought process could be found in the SQL query file uploaded in this repository. I thought that the following visualisation dashboard, which was developed in Tableau Public, would give a simple and nice idea on the descriptive statistics of where we stand as human beings living on this lovely planet.

![The_World_Dashboard](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/98215213/151663329-66befda9-decb-4f14-9b0b-35895fd23bd6.png)

The interactive form of this same dashboard is available in [this link](https://public.tableau.com/views/TheWorld_16433824656360/Dashboard1?:language=en-US&publish=yes&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link); otherwise, I have also included the Tableau workbook.

Thank you for your time once again. Please stay turned for my next SQL-and-Tableau-fusion project. :)
